I think that people's and when I was
with 1415 I suffer from really low
self-esteem and I was actually at the
brink of being bulimic so I she eat a
hot and induce vomiting in the toilet
and thumbs up if I start a program I was
about 63 kg but for my case um II was
not for always I'm genetically fed to
different ladies with two very different
stories one was constantly battling her
weight issues while the other was happy
in her own skin I never saw the need to
go through a makeover
but both embarked on the same
three-month long weight loss program and
achieve their goals a televised health
and wellness branch skeptical about
getting noodles inserted into your body
to lose weight well these two ladies
shared with us why they resorted to what
seems like a rather extreme alternative
weight loss program and how it has
worked on them
usually when first I'll about four years
ago my weight just shot up all the way
so as we put on like 11 kgs and it was
terrible because I was someone s m to an
L yeah and then after that you and up to
64 gauge and I you I tried like jogging
for like two or three times a week and
tried to control my diet and everything
but it just don't seem to work even if I
did like went out by a few kgs it came
back again like after man it's been
about like a period four to five
thousand dollars in what I call correct
but it was quite torturous because it
was really really freezing call inside
and didn't really see much of a resource
medicine I thought a lot about
acupuncture and acupuncture slimming but
I don't really have much contact with
such slimming methods until my my
colleague AJ went through the program
and I just see for myself that her
transformation within three months from
her current weight to
she lost 9 kgs I was also quite
skeptical fo she ratify now that she
wants to make sure that she don't get me
her weight and he really works and then
that's how I see it okay I really want
to try one arena it's been about months
I think among any signs of weight gain
or no even when I was I going on the
holiday where it's a time for me to
relax try and actually eat quite a bit
but I think well when I came back and a
measure myself the way to still see the
same shellin who finished her
three-month course undergoing ten
sessions was happy enough with her
weight loss in fact her success
convinced mom to go on the program both
of them look like a far cry from her
photo taken just a few years ago
Sharon's weight loss a dramatic 10 kg
within the three months and one month
after the program she's still keeping it
off easy for Felicia bleep she completed
her ten sessions of 30-minute
acupuncture therapy and nutritional
reconditioning nearly two and a half
years ago and she hasn't put on weight
since then no link in mean we love
wreaths all Alafia which charges from
1888 dollars to two thousand eight
hundred and eighty eight dollars for the
acupuncture sessions recommend that most
clients go through 20 sessions and have
dietary supplements to help them with
their progress ten sessions are
scheduled for the initial weight loss
stage and another ten to stabilizer
Felucia with a petite 1.54 meter frame
used to weigh in at 64 kilograms
Hazara am unhappy chest and not deck
choices I'm so very happy go-lucky come
I still feel that I look like a Lhasa
and I was a heavy bottom pan shapers and
so my bottom was Excel my top was our
I was in the tough plat bodies since I
was promised more young life yes ours
about 16 built in each kind of
transition period I thought that we
would tell myself that you should really
try to still know because I'm a lot of
people not very pretty so that's not a
trial of methods you name it I try SF
only for suction prop I drop two hours
every night every night every night for
about two three months
I feel very healthy and I feel weight
loss in Chi loss but the only thing that
came was when I stopped exercising every
bumper for every fast like I watch my
diet there's a lot of diet in the
industry like protein kau kau kau others
I tried dr. pills from the Shelf I try
before most of the time I feel a bit
dizzy slim now about 5 5 or 8 kg during
that period but it was always a very
continuous thing I eat appeals I slim
down I stopped eating the peels I
revolve back as the entry que los 3 kg
while my mother I'm Bob at 5 kg so has
she ever needed to go back for touch-up
acupuncture sessions or give up any of
her favorite foods to maintain her
svelte figure after the program I just
don't like Tom with normal meals and I
eat all my favorite foods like chocolate
she's mr. Chuck with the Al Aqsa with a
lot harm I know how the balance up so if
three days are 15 have a buffet the next
two to three days I have a balanced diet
after that after the three months in
some I finish for about two years I've
seen minimum rebound Howard you believe
this 29 year-old was once chubby
she gone all giggly when we asked about
the guy in the picture with her whom she
candidly admitted with an act and asked
us to move yet his face they still keep
in touch this is but when I asked if he
now regrets breaking up with her she
laughed and said yes definitely sounds
like the good enough reason for me to
get on this program meanwhile Daisy on
fault our speaks to the TCM physicians
I'm in and I find out how and why
elephants treatments are different and I
get a guinea pig to try them out all
that in the next two three